you've been gone a long time where did
you go
you have great power even though you've
been raised as a human being you are not
one of them it's not easy for me to live
my life being Who I am keeping secrets
Clark hey welcome back I see you've
already met the Munchkin hello yeah well
you've been gone fearless reporter Lois
Lane is a mommy
but if you ask me she's still in love
with you-know-who
I moved on sort of the rest of us the
world doesn't need a Savior
I need the tweye
Exley
this is kind of a little reunion isn't
it heck a fan i'll have advanced
technology thousands of years beyond
what anyone could throw at me
but millions of people will die
billions
you wrote that the world doesn't need a
Savior but every day I hear people
crying for one
come on let me hear you say it just once
you're insane
no no or the other baby Superman will
bring it all
now fry